Refactor SimpleHttp to make it injectable and usable outside server (#42936)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/changes/changes-26_4_0.adoc

The previous workaround is marked as deprecated and it can be removed in a future version of {project_name}.

=== Refactoring to `SimpleHttp`

> The `SimpleHttp` util in the `server-spi-private` module was refactored and moved to the `org.keycloak.http.simple` package.

Author: ```suggestion
The `SimpleHttp` util in the `server-spi-private` module was refactored with a new version available in the `org.keycloak.http.simple` package. The old version is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.
```
